c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub.exe.config
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub.exe
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub.pdb
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\ConfigModels.dll
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\ConfigPublicSDK.dll
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\DeviceAdminSDK.dll
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\DeviceModels.dll
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\IConfigPublic.dll
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\IDeviceAdmin.dll
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\IProfilePublic.dll
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.dll
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.Client.dll
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\ProfileModels.dll
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\ProfilePublicSDK.dll
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\Wire.dll
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.pdb
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.xml
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\obj\Debug\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\obj\Debug\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub.exe
c:\users\bobfa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\obj\Debug\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub.pdb
C:\Users\bobfa\Source\Repos\LooksFamiliar\Microservices\Biometrics\Simulator\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub.exe.config
C:\Users\bobfa\Source\Repos\LooksFamiliar\Microservices\Biometrics\Simulator\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\obj\Debug\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub.exe
C:\Users\bobfa\Source\Repos\LooksFamiliar\Microservices\Biometrics\Simulator\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\obj\Debug\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub.pdb
C:\Users\bobfa\Source\Repos\LooksFamiliar\IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\bin\Debug\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub.exe.config
C:\Users\bobfa\Source\Repos\LooksFamiliar\IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\obj\Debug\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub.exe
C:\Users\bobfa\Source\Repos\LooksFamiliar\IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub\obj\Debug\BioMaxSimulator-IoTHub.pdb
